c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll.config
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.pdb
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.dll
c:\users\notebook\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\NOTEBOOK\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\NOTEBOOK\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.Migrations.mdb.resources
C:\Users\NOTEBOOK\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll.config
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.pdb
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.pdb
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll.config
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.pdb
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary2\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.pdb
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll.config
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\eLibrary.pdb
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.dll
G:\eLibrary3\eLibrary\obj\Debug\eLibrary.pdb
